hey everyone okay so he's going to do a
video today she may do another video a
little bit later make a video so this
video is her princess hair video and
she's got her Tiana Princess Tiana dress
home which is her favorite she wore this
look for her birthday party in April so
first I'm gonna do I'm gonna take a
smaller brush first we're going to put a
high ponytail in her hair super super
hot as hell and you've probably seen
this hairstyle baby lookup for Mama okay
you've probably seen this hairstyle at
Disney World and you probably pay
anywhere between 50 to 100 dollars for
this hairstyle for your little girl
that's then what is Anthony Buffett eboo
well I figured out how to do it so we're
gonna put a hot ponytail on top of her
head okay nice and tight nice and tight
tight oh all right and there's at this
point you can go ahead and spray around
the ponytail or PMF unit if there's any
as small pieces of back here okay and
then what we're gonna do is we took i've
already took taken a small soft of hers
and I've cut the tip off about halfway
up and I rolled it the two part into it
down that shape like this and you can do
different colors if you'd like and to
match the hair but I just went ahead and
did this because it works just fine and
her hair okay
so what we're gonna do is take the end
of the ponytail and we're going to lay
this like this the donut on top of the
ponytail
there we go and we're going to start to
twist it backwards the end of the
ponytail and then what we're going to do
is start to twist the doughnut into the
hair like that see how easy that is and
it just starts to wrap around and then
you can start to twist the hair like
shape it how you like it and you just
continue to twist the hair all the way
and this works for being here too you
can make some pretty like Princess Leia
hair if you want to cosplay anything
like that okay you just want to shape
the bun you get closer to the head into
the style that you want and then you
just start to pin the hair pin it down
in the front okay and then pin it down
in the back there's two pieces make sure
they connect to each other okay like
that and if you need more shaping go for
a trot just do whatever you need to do
to create that perfect bun her hair
alright still just working with it and
then from this look at it makes it a
little bit special just to add some
glitter spray you get this right now at
this time of year it's very easy to find
I picked mine up last year and it's been
on my face painting kit so you shake it
up and you just spray it you just if you
need to you can do some more spray and a
hair spray to and turn around so we say
thank you